>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What we want to do
is we want to build and work on this.
And so as I do this, I'm going to talk
about the structure of a component.
I'm going to talk about property binding,
event binding, and
also some of the structural directives and
how to do things within your template,
and some of the functionality
that's provided from Angular.
So if we go into our,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Projects.component.ts,
let's talk about the basic
structure of a component.
So in Angular everything is a class.
For the most part, 99.9%,
everything you do is going to be a class.
In the case of our ProjectsComponent,
notice export class,
ProjectsComponent and
we're implementing an interface.
And so if it's a service,
same exact thing.
It's export class Projects
service whatever.
So everything at the core is a class, and
then we use this metadata to
essentially decorate our class.
And this is where Angular
gets attached to this, and so
I'll talk about this more tomorrow.
And so I'll talk about this tomorrow, but
when you're testing an Angular component
or a service, you can test it in
isolation in just the class itself,
or you can use the Angular utilities.
But in this metadata,
we can tell Angular this is
how we want to hook this
class into our application.
And so notice that we have our
imperative logic in ProjectsComponent,
so this is our logic.
But then we have, well,
we're connecting it to a template.
So, this is where we're saying this
component gets compiled with this
template.
We're also able to attach a style sheet.
And so
everything is fairly self-encapsulated.
And one interesting and important piece,
is that you'll notice the selector.
And so this is how, other than routing,
how you get a component
into your application.
And so, if we go to back to our app,
component.html,
down here you'll notice it's app-projects.
And so when you want to put
a component into another template as
a child component,
this is where the surface area is.
So when you think of child component,
parent component,
the surface area is the template.
And kind of that, the doorway or
the kind of the gateway
to that is the selector.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
in our projects.component ts,
let's start to build some of the cell.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So when you create
a property or a method on the class,
it is now available for
binding in the template.
So for instance,
if I created a property and
I called it hello, and
I assign the value to world.
And this is going to be fairly
simplistic that, let's go down here.
You can actually put
this anywhere you want,
but I'll put it right
here in this first h3.
You can then render it
with double curly braces.
So this is basic string interpolation.
So if I go here, we go back here,
you can see hello world.
You guys are stunned, I know.
But wait, there's more.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll take this off,
and
let's put something a little bit
more interesting or non-trivial.
So what we can do here is
we can go to projects,
and we can just create an array.
And then within here I'm
sitting here thinking like,
I'm gonna be typing forever.
Well, fortunately I have a snippet here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
I'm just going to copy this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what I've done
is I've just pulled the projects out of
that snippets file and
we now have an array of objects.
This is going to be or
present significantly more
opportunities then binding
to a single string.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So what we can do,
and I'll put this just above the list.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Is what happens if
we go and we just bind to this here?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Refresh the page.
That's not super helpful,
this kind of two string, super.
Pro tip, right out of the bat.
So this is, I use this all the time.
Pre,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Projects, and
then we're going to introduce
what is called a pipe.
This is just a essentially
the pipe symbol, and
what this does is it says take this output
or whatever is outputted out of this,
and run it through this pipe and
do something else.
So this is from bash if you do history,
pipe grep, it's the same as anything.
It's just piping the output from one into
another, which then gets outputted out.
So here, we'll do projects | json.
This is quite possibly one
of the most useful things,
when I'm actually developing, it's like,
I think I know what's happening.
I guess not.
And you can see here that
now we can dump this out.
So, a lot of times when something goes
wrong is you're making assumptions about
a data structure or that your assumptions
about the state of where it's at or
what is happening is
one time is erroneous.
It's very handy to be able to
just say I have this thing and
I wanna just dump it out.
Now.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's okay but
not incredibly useful other
than saying hey, what just happened?
What we can do though,
is because we have a collection
of things is we can iterate
over that collection.
And so we'll use what's called
a structural directive.
And so this is ng for, anybody is used,
so this is kind of a variation of
the AngularJS one which I think was
ng hyphen for, that we can now go and
say let project of projects,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
now this is available as
a variable scoped to this element,
and so we'll go project.title, and
we'll also go project.details.
All right.
Save this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Lo and behold, so
instead of just binding to a single object
we're now able to write the template
over and then loop over using ng4.